
# Backlinks
## [January 25th, 2021](<January 25th, 2021.md>)
- "And what I wanted to say at the [Clubhouse](<Clubhouse.md>) meetup yesterday but couldn't due to family attention, we should also create spaces in which to interact. Not necessarily required, but a space which is opened easily and closed easily, to further discuss any one topic. "Space" is hard to conceptualize in [Roam](<Roam.md>) due to its organic nature. But if you are always moving (discussing in different contexts/spaces) it will feel as if you are not really building, but shouting as you run by. I hope that makes sense. I don't know the solution either, though I have ideas. [~](<~.md>)[

- Thoughts? [~](<~.md>)

1. "[~](<~.md>)[

1. "[~](<~.md>)

6. "[~](<~.md>)

- Maybe `[Resources](<Resources.md>)`? [~](<~.md>)[

- Thoughts on this? [~](<~.md>)[

- [~](<~.md>)[

- [~](<~.md>)

- [~](<~.md>)

- [~](<~.md>)[

- "Maybe `[Resources](<Resources.md>)`? [~](<~.md>)[

## [January 26th, 2021](<January 26th, 2021.md>)
- Thoughts on this? [~](<~.md>)[

- "Thoughts on this? [~](<~.md>)[

- "Added a [Resources Template](((gix1P4auD))) cc: [~](<~.md>)[

- "[~](<~.md>)[

- "Thoughts on this? [~](<~.md>)[

- "Thoughts? [~](<~.md>)

## [January 27th, 2021](<January 27th, 2021.md>)
- "And what I wanted to say at the [Clubhouse](<Clubhouse.md>) meetup yesterday but couldn't due to family attention, we should also create spaces in which to interact. Not necessarily required, but a space which is opened easily and closed easily, to further discuss any one topic. "Space" is hard to conceptualize in [Roam](<Roam.md>) due to its organic nature. But if you are always moving (discussing in different contexts/spaces) it will feel as if you are not really building, but shouting as you run by. I hope that makes sense. I don't know the solution either, though I have ideas. [~](<~.md>)[

- "It's a small thing but could we could shift some of the tags and default template test to make them easier to select? Changing `[not-populated](<not-populated.md>)` to `[not_populated](<not_populated.md>)` makes it possible to select the text with a single double click in order to delete it when you're ready. [Same thing should extend to any of the 'dummy' text inside templates that's meant to be deleted.](((JCg22PlRk))) Thoughts? [~](<~.md>)[

- PS, to send a notification, use the @ symbol rather than ~ to indicated "unread" status. When read, you can replace with a ~ to indicate read. [~](<~.md>)

- "Is there discussion/dialogue convention. I see here [⬆️](((HjQ5425kF))), a convention to get your attention. Where are the standards here. I thought I saw it before you did some of the restructuring. [~](<~.md>)[

- "What are the ideas for creating a dashboard for seeing how people are getting your attention. You can't efficiently query at this point using our conventions. If I was to create a query `{{[query](<query.md>): {and: [@](<@.md>) [Mark Robertson](<Mark Robertson.md>)}}}` I will not get my own `taps`, but instead get the ones that I have created on my DNP. The easy way, but don't know how stable is to add a `{not:}` for each member, but that seems to be an update nightmare.  [~](<~.md>)[

- "One thing that has been clear with all the multiplayer graphs I have worked with, is that zooming in on the bullet/area you are working on CAN be helpful to allow [Roam](<Roam.md>) to more efficiently sync changes AND it eases content moving right before your eyes. - since we will in effect be on different pages, instead of on one. [~](<~.md>)

- "There is also a disconnect in my mind, because of the nature of this graph's purpose, between what is `[Feedback](<Feedback.md>)` and what is a `[Question](<Question.md>)`. Is there something more specific for the feedback, as in elements that are built and we have feedback on. And question would be pushing the frontiers as well as potential suggestions. [~](<~.md>)

- "One thing that has been clear with all the multiplayer graphs I have worked with, is that zooming in on the bullet/area you are working on CAN be helpful to allow [Roam](<Roam.md>) to more efficiently sync changes AND it eases content moving right before your eyes. - since we will in effect be on different pages, instead of on one. [~](<~.md>)

- "That helps. Explorers will always find the path, and show the way for others. And for builders, sometimes let others determine that paths they would take, before establishing predefined funnels. This is a general observation about building spaces for people. For example, many European nations (particularly Scandinavia) do not build paths through parks and open spaces UNTIL people determine what way they would want to go. [~](<~.md>)[

- "And what I wanted to say at the [Clubhouse](<Clubhouse.md>) meetup yesterday but couldn't due to family attention, we should also create spaces in which to interact. Not necessarily required, but a space which is opened easily and closed easily, to further discuss any one topic. "Space" is hard to conceptualize in [Roam](<Roam.md>) due to its organic nature. But if you are always moving (discussing in different contexts/spaces) it will feel as if you are not really building, but shouting as you run by. I hope that makes sense. I don't know the solution either, though I have ideas. [~](<~.md>)[

- "[~](<~.md>)[

- Loving some of these tags and their css tweaks. "It's a small thing but could we could shift some of the tags and default template test to make them easier to select? Changing `[not-populated](<not-populated.md>)` to `[not_populated](<not_populated.md>)` makes it possible to select the text with a single double click in order to delete it when you're ready. [Same thing should extend to any of the 'dummy' text inside templates that's meant to be deleted.](((JCg22PlRk))) Thoughts? [~](<~.md>)[

- It's a small thing but could we could shift some of the tags and default template test to make them easier to select? Changing `[not-populated](<not-populated.md>)` to `[not_populated](<not_populated.md>)` makes it possible to select the text with a single double click in order to delete it when you're ready. [Same thing should extend to any of the 'dummy' text inside templates that's meant to be deleted.](((JCg22PlRk))) Thoughts? [~](<~.md>)[

- "PS, to send a notification, use the @ symbol rather than ~ to indicated "unread" status. When read, you can replace with a ~ to indicate read. [~](<~.md>)

- [~](<~.md>)[

- Is there discussion/dialogue convention. I see here [⬆️](((HjQ5425kF))), a convention to get your attention. Where are the standards here. I thought I saw it before you did some of the restructuring. [~](<~.md>)[

- That helps. Explorers will always find the path, and show the way for others. And for builders, sometimes let others determine that paths they would take, before establishing predefined funnels. This is a general observation about building spaces for people. For example, many European nations (particularly Scandinavia) do not build paths through parks and open spaces UNTIL people determine what way they would want to go. [~](<~.md>)[

- And what I wanted to say at the [Clubhouse](<Clubhouse.md>) meetup yesterday but couldn't due to family attention, we should also create spaces in which to interact. Not necessarily required, but a space which is opened easily and closed easily, to further discuss any one topic. "Space" is hard to conceptualize in [Roam](<Roam.md>) due to its organic nature. But if you are always moving (discussing in different contexts/spaces) it will feel as if you are not really building, but shouting as you run by. I hope that makes sense. I don't know the solution either, though I have ideas. [~](<~.md>)[

- One thing that has been clear with all the multiplayer graphs I have worked with, is that zooming in on the bullet/area you are working on CAN be helpful to allow [Roam](<Roam.md>) to more efficiently sync changes AND it eases content moving right before your eyes. - since we will in effect be on different pages, instead of on one. [~](<~.md>)

- You maybe right with your comment here: "Is this captured by this tip? [@[[Mark Robertson](<@[[Mark Robertson.md>)]] "Click on any bullet to "zoom in" for a more focused perspective (reducing the noise, and focusing on your section) - this also helps with stability if there are a lot of us writing simultaneously."" . Though I know that Zooming is under-the-hood different, from collapse. Basically collapsing is a change of state, not of page. Where if you zoom in, you are actually on another URL. [~](<~.md>)[

- What are the ideas for creating a dashboard for seeing how people are getting your attention. You can't efficiently query at this point using our conventions. If I was to create a query `{{[query](<query.md>): {and: [@](<@.md>) [Mark Robertson](<Mark Robertson.md>)}}}` I will not get my own `taps`, but instead get the ones that I have created on my DNP. The easy way, but don't know how stable is to add a `{not:}` for each member, but that seems to be an update nightmare.  [~](<~.md>)[

- There is also a disconnect in my mind, because of the nature of this graph's purpose, between what is `[Feedback](<Feedback.md>)` and what is a `[Question](<Question.md>)`. Is there something more specific for the feedback, as in elements that are built and we have feedback on. And question would be pushing the frontiers as well as potential suggestions. [~](<~.md>)

## [January 28th, 2021](<January 28th, 2021.md>)
- "And what I wanted to say at the [Clubhouse](<Clubhouse.md>) meetup yesterday but couldn't due to family attention, we should also create spaces in which to interact. Not necessarily required, but a space which is opened easily and closed easily, to further discuss any one topic. "Space" is hard to conceptualize in [Roam](<Roam.md>) due to its organic nature. But if you are always moving (discussing in different contexts/spaces) it will feel as if you are not really building, but shouting as you run by. I hope that makes sense. I don't know the solution either, though I have ideas. [~](<~.md>)[

- My experience with multiplayer graphs and this specific weakness made me acutely aware of the need for non-Roam communication spaces. Chat and forum tools are a must for another layer or form of communication, and are integral to [RoamLab](<RoamLab.md>). It would be nice if we could put everything in Roam somehow, but it feels like fitting a square peg into a round hole. [~](<~.md>)[

